whatever one welcome to go I PFS first
second anyway go out to press call um
Jeremy should be leading who wants to
take notes I can take it thank you baby
thank awesome Jeremy I'll take it away
cool first thing is that one there's not
a whole bunch of time doing a review on
all day 0 for 3 code and made us a nice
big list of things to fix before we can
do the release so that's kind of going
to be our top priority now so if we can
get most not all of that done this week
it's going to be on its own branch and
we're going to you know have the call
those fixes just on top of table for
three RC 3 released and so that way we
don't worry about reviewing the other
stuff because there's some other stuff
in there that's going to need more time
testing and I wouldn't want to push that
into the release so good do it that way
and then merchant and master after
release is done so we get all those same
fixes in master for the over for next up
is a update on the jsf EFS interrupt
milestone we have a PR ready for the new
protocol IDs so the ones using the
versions so we can interrupt might see
what yes it works pretty well it only
has a one extra round trip time in the
case of talking to an older node but
then it remembers it after the first
connection and all that information
store appear stores so all the other
processes can use it we also proceed
information from the entry so if in the
identify handshake they tell us the
protocols they support we're going to
use that to make our choices more
efficiently so that way we can avoid
eating or at your next
so yeah yeah why are you going to the
next can I just ask on the PR for the
movie codex are you using the new multi
stream so I using like the the
multiscreen that we define when we don't
worry noise when in order to support
semper and another validation mechanisms
or do you do to have something just for
right now it's just using them direct
matching but the semper support is in
there so like we're all using the same
headers at this point but there is some
or matching they're also have in the p2p
we have WebSocket support I want to get
a little bit of testing against the jas
code before I push that up because I
don't want to like have one Saki code in
that doesn't work quite right for Jas
like we tested it with go but you know
it's HTTP ish protocol non-sensitive
thousand if I things that we different
go so we want to make sure you get that
compatibility first on that Friedel did
you or how's the SEC I go from this guy
here here I don't know if he's in this
girl no it's not here we so okay like I
will give a more krod update on that on
the reputed year and Jessica's calls
essentially we spent a bunch of time why
figuring out some West issues with full
streams we now like a PR for every
module of Jessica Pearson Jeff it could
appear to migrate into full screen test
faster data that pastor is also
distressed at which was like the thing
at the like we just managed to finish
today there were some back pressure
issues Sekai oh now works so at we have
a reputation of psychotic works in the
gs a PFS ecosystem we haven't tested it
directly to go with you to hear it's
actually because we have been are
changing these back pressure bugs that
consume there's a lot of time also too
help us on that if you could spend a
little time like getting those examples
that I described on an issue on the
gsbtp like bffs I can help in you again
if you want okay i can i put here like
that yeah I think you can I just make
those goalie PTP issue a recipes we then
we go then like it's way easier for us
to create tests that's just running away
yeah thank you awesome so we're getting
really close here maybe this week we'll
have a cool down well um then update
about IPL d if there's nothing else
anybody wants to ask about jay s stuff
anybody know dick what I feel D we have
so I've implemented multi base and then
we don't quite have a multi-product
table yet but that's like trivially
simple and I didn't see I'm actually
going to only have the package multi
codec contain the table get one I chose
you to say we'll just use whatever if
you open up we can change it later
because that's getting the right table
but i will take a while and I think for
now would you just focus yeah but I
miraculous and that's that yeah that's
the next thing that I made a go CID
package and it will do parse the multi
codec out and store that I'm so a
Persian multi base and pico de a quantum
old-fashioned there I have that package
ready it works neat that horn tests and
also making support the old version like
the current hashes so definite a repeat
for a CID spec similar to the old
mobilism that would be cool hello oh um
yeah
so I'm ready I'm going to this week's
start integrating that into second agree
to get to go I PFS and I'm going to make
the package just use and parse the V 0
so it'll just will basically have the
current same functionality but having
the code for content ideas plugged in
and just eat like backwards
compatibility mode and then once that's
in and we have all of the integration
points figured out there we can switch
it up should it use the new one which
should be a fairly simple change at that
point because if we give them and all
the right integration points then it
will fail horribly if it doesn't work
quick question so if I understood
correctly i'm not sure if I heard
exhibits yet but like you say like you
are going to integrate El Cid this week
in to go I PFS yes so okay wait when you
mean el cid is like like updating the
peer of the the idea of the content to
use go see ID or like who the complete
migration tool I pld yeah so um I'm
really going to be doing is replacing
any time any place we use the key like
you know the multi hash key with the CID
object and it's going to be in a black
robe backwards compatibility like
version 0 mode so that it's everything
looks the same everything max the same
we're switching over which library using
that for that so that once we finish all
of that we can test out talking the
duration 21 and seeing how every
channels a few interesting things are
that are we want here IDs to change to
use content IDs I don't think um we have
another walk that though but yeah
because in for like I pianist
that's probably a large margin maybe
overnight okay because yeah I was
thinking about that because it's looking
at all the integration points of where
we use these different routines and the
Securities kept coming up all open an
issue to talk about that can you
actually make a note on the notes to do
that cool so that's um that's the CID
stuff then the other issue is we need to
fix bits one which is not possible since
we have the multiple protocol handlers
with the Denver fun so the issue is that
bit swap will always assume that when it
receives a block it should hash it with
sha-256 and check if we have that but we
need to be able to match the blocks
receive against an in tremont want list
so that we can know which hashing you
know content identification roosevelt
using so that's going to be on the to-do
list they do involve changing the bits
walk want less rota buffs and the
protocol in general to include a want
list ID along with every request yeah
and that's all update we have other
stuff would be both published cup is
moving along a little more slowly now
because we've shifted focus away from it
further but we're going to start pushing
back on that I think we're about thirty
or forty percent through getting that
eighty percent code coverage number on
all got us which is pretty great oops
who's been doing most of that and it's
it's progressing nicely it'll be really
really great to have that whole you know
pretty heavy code coverage on everything
make me feel better about merging rings
the other thing on that topic that we
didn't scope for this we don't have time
for this is that I'm getting a similar
level of code coverage on all of the
commands libraries so the one package we
have to exclude right now from this
eighty percent good coverage is the core
command so all of the like CLI commands
because you can't easily automated unit
tests that coconut sureness so I want to
try and figure out a way to hit that you
know hi code coverage account using
shower arnis and it hit all of our
commands and options and sub optimism
all that nonsense so that's going to be
like a later goal but it's probably one
of the reasons we're not going to hit
that eighty percent on some of the
packages or at least one so yeah and
that's what I've got for this topic does
anybody else have any questions or want
to talk than anything what fun it's a
couple things that would love to discuss
Michelle someone is getting important is
that housing off sometimes what ain't
going like I think we need to sorry
daddy how is the milestone stuff going
like we need to have like a pretty cool
project room ethical go have your
personal things that are set to going
this quarter um so we talked last week
about doing doing work towards that and
in a better place about this week so
wondering where that is and the other is
on Westbrook up the ability of going
through the things that are that I label
us must in the review I just quickly
discussing them to make sure that we're
on the same page about them okay so
milestones we have we have first github
milestones that are tracking progress
those and we also have a calendar
where's that link to the calendar Emily
do you have it it's not on my
okay so we have we did a repub revised
the calendar for the house down a bit
but we're still pretty close to the
original her for the prime goals yeah
pretty close there's been a few things
come up and we've had to spend more time
on other things stand do for leave
before free release is taking a lot
longer than expected or at least
predicted so yeah 13 keynote I mean just
everything haven't you already like is
everything that every goal that it was
mentioned as being part of the
requirements to me is any goal being
required for a hot zone cause it exists
as an issue already and its associated
with right not zone and none of the
milestones properly gave it that is
really dated but like are they properly
like I'll all of them there that's all
so Jeremy if I can jump in I'm the link
for the road rappers is in the notes now
what we're doing with this so Jeremy and
I sat down and looked at what we
currently have laid out and kind of
readjusted the schedule for what we
needed to accomplish by Def Con in
Shanghai and so we reevaluate 'add the
milestone roadmap to that point but next
steps are going to be working with um
mad as we been coming up on wrapping up
the PM doc figuring out in implementing
some of those mechanics so right now
this is just a very bare bones of what
we have put together but as we work
together with matt to put together those
mechanics will have a much more cohesive
overhead view but this um what you see
in the roadmap doc which only I think
protocol ups employees are going to be
able to access because of permissions
that that's what we're currently um
going off
sorry steered precious little different
is this different from what it was
before like you love to see of what that
delta is like what changed I know and
also it probably should be accessible by
other people I'm way that it's like we
probably want this to be included having
some way whether that's milestones or a
document or something but like to take
sensible way hi everyone right and I
think that that's part of the once we
implement with Matt part of that
component is making it more publicly
accessible but this Roma that we have
this spreadsheet is just what came out
of the cars that we put together in
during the team week in Lisbon so the
next step that we have is going to be a
public road map that's that's more
available matt is there anything that
you want to add about that yeah just
that was that was blocked by stabilizing
the model around all this PM stuff
because there was no point in assembling
these road maps if we were going to like
restructure them to match a new model
but now that that model stable that's
what we're doing over the coming week or
week or two weeks but really next week
with Emily and the adjoining okay
would you be possible to just get what's
on there now in a document so that other
people can exit yeah for the fast way to
do that just to be to write it out to a
bit um expand through the notes for this
call whatever I think um just some way i
think it was already a good enough like
oh it started somewhere that has been
issued ok cool so we want to quickly go
over your review issues um once again
that would just be right what I just was
it a link to that you see for 107 p.m.
um they're sort of that there
and so maybe update that to reflect what
the current status and then maybe have a
comment that's what it was from the past
plant now I had like what funny thing is
I can we build the bike before we build
the foot bar like instead is already an
issue and there was discussing the
Lisbon there a way to have a document
even if into the battle town an issue
something that says hey this is what we
think the current set of the roadmap is
this is what I have been done so far on
the last one and it's what we expect to
have done by the end of the quarter so
that like everyone when I wants to check
it out and see it before waiting two
more weeks to get the fully new polished
p.m. processed apply to fly PFS without
the walk award because like in a sense I
guess in a sense are getting something
similar to orbit or Jesse PFS like the
just always of things with the past and
100 appendages and the requirement and
if something is what would be written so
in terms of like an idea of what we want
to have done for this quarter what's in
progress and what we've already finished
yeah between the current github
milestones which are up to date and
contain issues for each of the
milestones yeah and the captain's log in
which I go over each of those things and
give a brief description of what each
one is they contain and give links to
milestones and the issues that I have
open for each of the tasks within those
milestones what what do you want past
that's like you you want like okay I'm
or doing anything my question is um
they you're mentioning like the issues
and so on it sounded earlier Blake not
every item is now industry that because
we're so working towards corona or it's
not made issues for so there's three
main milestones we have each of them has
a github milestone which contains a set
of github issues detailing most of what
that needs to be on there there's
probably going to be some things look if
it cracks but those things aren't
explicitly on late riginal milestone
board so if we knew things that are part
of that come up they don't conditions
yet for that so to the toidy to recap
then on to announce odeon the earlier
question to use everything that needed
to have an issue already created and
it's already in moscow it's always that
yes so now the milestones page is the
road man that's accessible to everyone
is that correct I'm gonna go with yes
well it is it like maybe and says we're
did like we it's yes I mean whether or
not that's what we want to actually use
as our primary road map document moving
forward I don't know but for now it is
an accurate description of what is going
on with our mom sucks okay good idea if
you is that it can't track things press
other repos yet so yeah the time yeah oh
that's good I I just want somewhere to
look so the reason I'm bringing all this
up is that it would be awesome if these
calls can start with here's where we are
here are like dat pickle like the issues
that we are that we have in the next
upcoming Mouzone here's what I need help
with or here's what's up coming in
they're coming we hear some things I did
that though I give an update on each of
the milestones and um okay so it wasn't
clear at me at the beginning that that
you would might do this it sounded to me
like you were just going through some
specific things that work
apply for you it was a clear like hey
jump on this this is like our enrollment
fee so the mostest order we're going
after each other you should speak
underneath that okay I know is that
mixes yeah be more clear about what I'm
going through this this list of things
is from X thank you got it cool so any
more there or we want to go through your
list of review I'm so sorry I'm good
with again with them cool so code review
or 0 for 3 everything going through all
right nice big list so how did you want
to do this you just want to go to and
discuss it or you want to leave this um
I think it's more like if you do I get
ideally it would be with some knowledge
or relocate it would not be great feels
like the first time bc and I appear is
looking for something your writer or
something I think most of these are
things that you already know about we
can do this now it's later at a
different time if you want more time to
review all of this I think large brother
up as a hey it would be good to actually
go through it and make sure that we're
on the same page how did you don't get
help you whatever you want whatever you
need to get over ready for each of those
items so that we're all invasion of them
mmm i think the tub yeah i think doing i
get out together and we can make each of
these a check mark if they aren't other
check marks already and then not start
checking them off
yeah they're ready to go in terms of
checking i mean i think they should be
pretty clear I've left comments on each
one of those um unlike what needs to be
happen this happen and if you can just
put resolved with a link to go thank you
willing to the ER that is it depend on
the girl that way we know on this issue
like everything yeah everything is
resolved oh alright is there anything
else anybody wants to bring up oh well
thank you all and I will see you later
thank you thank you what do I do bye bye
yep nope no spike